Build Project with Generated Client, Update package.md, Test and Validate Functionality (#3)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.feedback: README.md

## Overview

[HubSpot](https://developers.hubspot.com) is an AI-powered customer relationship management (CRM) platform.

> The `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.object.feedback` offers APIs to connect and interact with the [HubSpot Feedback Submission API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api/crm/objects/feedback-submissions) endpoints, specifically based on the [HubSpot REST API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.obj.feedback` offers APIs to connect and interact with the [HubSpot Feedback Submission API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api/crm/objects/feedback-submissions) endpoints, specifically based on the [HubSpot REST API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api).
```

        auth: {
            clientId,
            clientSecret,
            refreshToken,
            credentialBearer: oauth2:POST_BODY_BEARER
        }
    };

    final feedback:Client baseClient = check new feedback:Client(config);
    ```

### Step 3: Invoke the connector operation

Now, utilize the available connector operations. A sample usecase is shown below.

#### View Submitted Feedbacks
    
```ballerina
public function main() returns error? {
   feedback:CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging allFeedbackSubmissions = check baseClient->/feedback_submissions;
   io:println("All feedback submissions: ", allFeedbackSubmissions);
}
```

## Examples

The `HubSpot CRM Feedback` connector provides practical examples illustrating usage in various scenarios.

[Feedback Reviewing](https://github.com/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.feedback/tree/main/examples/) - This example demonstrates the usage of the HubSpot CRM Feedback connector to read a page of feedback submissions, read an object identified by `{feedbackSubmissionId}`, read a batch of feedback submissions by internal ID, or unique property values, and search feedback submissions.

> > **Note**: The feedback submissions endpoints are currently read only. Feedback submissions cannot be submitted or edited through the API. You can only create properties in the [feedback surveys tool within HubSpot](https://knowledge.hubspot.com/customer-feedback/create-a-custom-survey?_gl=1*1h5ce0o*_ga*MzIyODQzMTUyLjE3MzYzNjE3OTU.*_ga_LXTM6CQ0XK*MTczNjQwNjg4NS4zLjEuMTczNjQwNjg5OS40Ni4wLjA.&_ga=2.97072604.213367396.1736361795-322843152.1736361795#survey), and the properties cannot be edited after creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The feedback submissions endpoints are currently read only. Feedback submissions cannot be submitted or edited through the API. You can only create properties in the [feedback surveys tool within HubSpot](https://knowledge.hubspot.com/customer-feedback/create-a-custom-survey), and the properties cannot be edited after creation.
```

> **Note:** This package may be changed in the future based on the HubSpot API changes, since it is currently under development and is subject to change based on testing and feedback. By using this package, you are agreeing to accept any future changes that might occur and understand the risk associated with testing an unstable API. Refer to the [HubSpot Developer Terms](https://legal.hubspot.com/developer-terms) & [Developer Beta Terms](https://legal.hubspot.com/developerbetaterms) for more information.
>
> The feedback submissions endpoints are currently read only. Feedback submissions cannot be submitted or edited through the API.
>
> ```
> GET https://api.hubapi.com/crm/v3/objects/feedback_submissions
> GET https://api.hubapi.com/crm/v3/objects/feedback_submissions/{feedbackSubmissionId}
> POST https://api.hubapi.com/crm/v3/objects/feedback_submissions/batch/read
> POST https://api.hubapi.com/crm/v3/objects/feedback_submissions/search

> > ```

Reviewer: We don't need these.
```suggestion
```

## Setup guide

To use the HubSpot Feedback connector, you must have access to the HubSpot API through a HubSpot developer account and a HubSpot App under it. Therefore you need to register for a developer account at HubSpot if you don't have one already.

### Step 1: Create/Login to a HubSpot Developer Account

If you have an account already, go to the [HubSpot developer portal](https://app.hubspot.com/)

If you don't have a HubSpot Developer Account you can sign up to a free account [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/get-started)

### Step 2 (Optional): Create a [Developer Test Account](https://developers.hubspot.com/beta-docs/getting-started/account-types#developer-test-accounts) under your account

> Within app developer accounts, you can create developer test accounts to test apps and integrations without affecting any real HubSpot data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2 (Optional): Create a Developer Test Account

Within app developer accounts, you can create a [developer test account](https://developers.hubspot.com/beta-docs/getting-started/account-types#developer-test-accounts) under your account to test apps and integrations without affecting any real HubSpot data.
```

Reviewer: Please check all the comments that are marked as resolved, without being fixed.

> **_These accounts are only for development and testing purposes. In production you should not use Developer Test Accounts._**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** These accounts are only for development and testing purposes. In production you should not use Developer Test Accounts.
```

## Overview

[HubSpot](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api) is an AI-powered customer relationship management (CRM) platform.

The `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.object.feedback` offers APIs to connect and interact with the [HubSpot Feedback Submission API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api/crm/objects/feedback-submissions) endpoints, specifically based on the [HubSpot API v3](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api).

> > **_NOTE:_**
> > This package may be changed in the future based on the HubSpot API changes, since it is currently under development and is subject to change based on testing and feedback. By using this package, you are agreeing to accept any future changes that might occur and understand the risk associated with testing an unstable API.
> > Refer to the [HubSpot Developer Terms](https://legal.hubspot.com/developer-terms?_gl=1*fmuxuh*_ga*NDU4NDIxOTA5LjE3MzQ3ODM3Mjg.*_ga_LXTM6CQ0XK*MTczNDgwNjI1OS4yLjAuMTczNDgwNjI1OS42MC4wLjA.&_ga=2.66923502.174841559.1734639641-983296813.1734639641) & [Developer Beta Terms](https://legal.hubspot.com/developerbetaterms?_gl=1*fmuxuh*_ga*NDU4NDIxOTA5LjE3MzQ3ODM3Mjg.*_ga_LXTM6CQ0XK*MTczNDgwNjI1OS4yLjAuMTczNDgwNjI1OS42MC4wLjA.&_ga=2.66923502.174841559.1734639641-983296813.1734639641) for more information.
> >
> > The feedback submissions endpoints are currently read only. Feedback submissions cannot be submitted or edited through the API. But following endpoints are available to view feedback submissions.
> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This package may be changed in the future based on the HubSpot API changes, since it is currently under development and is subject to change based on testing and feedback. By using this package, you are agreeing to accept any future changes that might occur and understand the risk associated with testing an unstable API. Refer to the [HubSpot Developer Terms](https://legal.hubspot.com/developer-terms) & [Developer Beta Terms](https://legal.hubspot.com/developerbetaterms) for more information.
>
> The feedback submissions endpoints are currently read only. Feedback submissions cannot be submitted or edited through the API.
>
```

> > ```
> > GET https://api.hubapi.com/crm/v3/objects/feedback_submissions
> > GET https://api.hubapi.com/crm/v3/objects/feedback_submissions/{feedbackSubmissionId}
> > POST https://api.hubapi.com/crm/v3/objects/feedback_submissions/batch/read
> > POST https://api.hubapi.com/crm/v3/objects/feedback_submissions/search
> > ```

Reviewer: We can remove these .
```suggestion
```

Author: Done

## Setup guide

To use the HubSpot Feedback connector, you must have access to the HubSpot API through a HubSpot developer account and a HubSpot App under it. Therefore you need to register for a developer account at HubSpot if you don't have one already.

### Step 1: Create/Login to a HubSpot Developer Account

If you have an account already, go to the [HubSpot developer portal](https://app.hubspot.com/)

If you don't have a HubSpot Developer Account you can sign up to a free account [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/get-started)

### Step 2 (Optional): Create a [Developer Test Account](https://developers.hubspot.com/beta-docs/getting-started/account-types#developer-test-accounts) under your account

Within app developer accounts, you can create developer test accounts to test apps and integrations without affecting any real HubSpot data.

> **_These accounts are only for development and testing purposes. In production you should not use Developer Test Accounts._**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** These accounts are only for development and testing purposes. In production you should not use Developer Test Accounts.
```

Author: Done

1. Go to Test accounts section from the left sidebar.

>    <img src="./docs/resources/test-account.png" style="width: 70%;">

Reviewer: Let's use the markdown format for the images. Please check similar places. Make sure to add alt texts as well.

```suggestion
   ![Test accounts](./docs/resources/test-account.png)
```

Author: done

Reviewer: This doesn't seems to be fixed. Please check again.

2. Click on the `Create developer test account` button on the top right corner.

   <img src="./docs/resources/create-test-account.png" style="width: 70%;">
3. In the pop-up window, provide a name for the test account and click on the `Create` button.

   <img src="./docs/resources/create-account.png" style="width: 70%;">
4. You will see the newly created test account in the list of test accounts.

>    <img src="./docs/resources/test-account-portal.png" style="width: 70%">

Reviewer: Let's move this to the above step 3, since this is not an actual step where user has to do anything.

### Step 3: Create a HubSpot App

1. Now navigate to the `Apps` section from the left sidebar and click on the `Create app` button on the top right corner.

   <img src="./docs/resources/create-app.png" width="70%">
2. Provide a public app name and description for your app.

   <img src="./docs/resources/app-name-desc.png" width="70%">

### Step 4: Setup Authentication

1. Move to the `Auth` tab.

   <img src="./docs/resources/config-auth.png" width="70%">
2. In the `Scopes` section, add the following scopes for your app using the `Add new scopes` button.

   <img src="./docs/resources/add-scopes.png" width="70%">

   - `e-commerce`
   - `tickets`
   - `crm.objects.goals.read`
   - `media_bridge.read`
   - `crm.objects.custom.read`
   - `crm.objects.custom.write`
   - `crm.objects.feedback_submissions.read`

   <img src="./docs/resources/add-scopes.png" width="70%">

> 3. In the `Redirect URL` section, add the redirect URL for your app. This is the URL where the user will be redirected after the authentication process. You can use localhost for testing purposes. Then hit the `Create App` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the `Redirect URL` section, add the redirect URL for your app. This is the URL where the user will be redirected after the authentication process. You can use `localhost` for testing purposes. Then click the `Create App` button.
```

   <img src="./docs/resources/redirect-url.png" width="70%">

### Step 5: Get the Client ID and Client Secret

Navigate to the `Auth` tab and you will see the `Client ID` and `Client Secret` for your app. Make sure to save these values.

   <img src="./docs/resources/client-id-secret.png" width="70%">

### Step 6: Setup Authentication Flow

Before proceeding with the Quickstart, ensure you have obtained the Access Token using the following steps:

1. Create an authorization URL using the following format:

   ```
   https://app.hubspot.com/oauth/authorize?client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&scope=<YOUR_SCOPES>&redirect_uri=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>
   ```

   Replace the `<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>`, `<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>` and `<YOUR_SCOPES>` with your specific value.
2. Paste it in the browser and select your developer test account to intall the app when prompted.

   <img src="./docs/resources/account-select.png" style="width: 70%;">
3. A code will be displayed in the browser. Copy the code.

> 
>    ```
>    Received code: na1-129d-860c-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx
>    ```

Reviewer: Let's remove this part.

```suggestion
```

     ```
   - Windows

     ```bash
     curl --request POST ^
     --url https://api.hubapi.com/oauth/v1/token ^
     --header 'content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' ^
     --data 'grant_type=authorization_code&code=<CODE>&redirect_uri=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>&client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&client_secret=<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>'
     ```

   This command will return the access token necessary for API calls.

   ```json
   {
     "token_type": "bearer",
     "refresh_token": "<Refresh Token>",
     "access_token": "<Access Token>",
     "expires_in": 1800
   }
   ```
5. Store the access token securely for use in your application.

## Quickstart

To use the `Hubspot CRM Feedback Submission` connector in your Ballerina project, follow the steps below and update the `.bal` file as follows.:

### Step 1: Import the Hubspot CRM Feedback Submission module

Import the `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.obj.feedback` module into your Ballerina project.

```
import ballerinax/hubspot.crm.obj.feedback;
```

### Step 2: Provide the required configurations

> Create a `Config.toml` file where your `.bal` file is located and provide the following configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `Config.toml` file in your Ballerina package directory and provide the following configurations:
```

```
clientId = "<CLIENT_ID>"
clientSecret = "<CLIENT_SECRET>"
refreshToken = "<REFRESH_TOKEN>"
```

### Step 3: Initialize the Hubspot CRM Feedback Submission Client

Initialize the Hubspot CRM Feedback Submission client by passing the configurations to the `main` function.

```

> public function main() returns error?{

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public function main() returns error? {
```

    feedback:ConnectionConfig config = {
        auth: {
            clientId: clientId,
            clientSecret: clientSecret,
            refreshToken: refreshToken,
            credentialBearer: oauth2:POST_BODY_BEARER
        }
    };

>     final feedback:Client baseClient = check new feedback:Client(config, serviceUrl = "https://api.hubapi.com/crm/v3/objects"); 

Reviewer: We can omit the service URL.

```suggestion
    final feedback:Client baseClient = check new feedback:Client(config); 
```

}
```

### Step 4 (Optional): Invoke the Hubspot CRM Feedback Submission API (View Feedback Submissions)

You can view all feedback submissions by calling the `feedback_submissions` endpoint.

```
    feedback:CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging allFeedbackSubmissions = check baseClient->/feedback_submissions;

>     io:println("All feedback submissions: ");
>     io:println(allFeedbackSubmissions);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    io:println("All feedback submissions: ", allFeedbackSubmissions);
```

```

> 
> Refer more examples [here](./../examples/feedback_review/main.bal)

Reviewer: Let's remove this since we have the examples section below.

```suggestion
```

## Overview

> [HubSpot](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api) is an AI-powered customer relationship management (CRM) platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[HubSpot](https://developers.hubspot.com) is an AI-powered customer relationship management (CRM) platform.
```

> The `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.object.feedback` offers APIs to connect and interact with the [HubSpot Feedback Submission API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api/crm/objects/feedback-submissions) endpoints, specifically based on the [HubSpot API v3](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.object.feedback` offers APIs to connect and interact with the [HubSpot Feedback Submission API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api/crm/objects/feedback-submissions) endpoints, specifically based on the [HubSpot REST API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api).
```

4. Run the following curl command. Replace the `<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>`, `<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI`> and `<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>` with your specific value. Use the code you received in the above step 3 as the `<CODE>`.

   - Linux/macOS

     ```bash
     curl --request POST \
     --url https://api.hubapi.com/oauth/v1/token \
     --header 'content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
     --data 'grant_type=authorization_code&code=<CODE>&redirect_uri=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>&client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&client_secret=<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>'
     ```
   - Windows

     ```bash
     curl --request POST ^
     --url https://api.hubapi.com/oauth/v1/token ^
     --header 'content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' ^
     --data 'grant_type=authorization_code&code=<CODE>&redirect_uri=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>&client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&client_secret=<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>'
     ```

   This command will return the access token necessary for API calls.

   ```json
   {
     "token_type": "bearer",
     "refresh_token": "<Refresh Token>",
     "access_token": "<Access Token>",
     "expires_in": 1800
   }
   ```
5. Store the access token securely for use in your application.

> ## Quickstart

Reviewer 2: Could you please restructure the `Quickstart` guide by following the same structure used in the following repo:

https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.marketing.emails/blob/a8f4e2ddbd49f1addbbb264f12a6355107437857/ballerina/Package.md#quickstart

To use the `Hubspot CRM Feedback Submission` connector in your Ballerina project, follow the steps below and update the `.bal` file as follows.:

> ### Step 1: Import the Hubspot CRM Feedback Submission module

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Import the connector
```

Import the `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.obj.feedback` module into your Ballerina project.

```
import ballerinax/hubspot.crm.obj.feedback;
```

> ### Step 2: Provide the required configurations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Initiate a new connector.
```

            refreshToken: refreshToken,
            credentialBearer: oauth2:POST_BODY_BEARER
        }
    };

    final feedback:Client baseClient = check new feedback:Client(config); 
}
```

### Step 4 (Optional): Invoke the Hubspot CRM Feedback Submission API (View Feedback Submissions)

You can view all feedback submissions by calling the `feedback_submissions` endpoint.

```
    feedback:CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging allFeedbackSubmissions = check baseClient->/feedback_submissions;
    io:println("All feedback submissions: ", allFeedbackSubmissions);
```

### Step 5: Run the Ballerina file

Use the following command to run the Ballerina file.

```
bal run
```

## Examples

The `HubSpot CRM Feedback` connector provides practical examples illustrating usage in various scenarios. Explore these [examples](https://github.com/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.feedback/tree/main/examples/), covering the following use cases:
   1. Read a page of feedback submissions.
   2. Read an Object identified by `{feedbackSubmissionId}`
   3. Read a batch of feedback submissions by internal ID, or unique property values

>    4. Search feedback submissions

Reviewer 2: We need to link the example to the example project in the repository. Check this out:

https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.marketing.emails/blob/a8f4e2ddbd49f1addbbb264f12a6355107437857/ballerina/Package.md#examples

Author: Even though I have 11 endpoints only 4 of them is available now. My API is a beta version. Those available endpoints relatively do the same operation which is fetching submitted feedbacks in different manners. That's why I created only one package in examples. In that package I have commented what each operation does. So do I need to create separate packages for each of them?

Author: Done

Reviewer: Even though the comment is resolved, the links are not added. Please check again.

Author: I was confused to link one ballerina project with 4 use cases. I fixed it. Hope now it is okay

>    4. Search feedback submissions

Reviewer 2: Even though you have mentioned 4 examples, in the `examples` directory we only see one Ballerina project. Any reason for that ?

Author: Even though I have 11 endpoints only 4 of them is available now. My API is a beta version. Those available endpoints relatively do the same operation which is fetching submitted feedbacks in different manners. That's why I created only one package in examples. In that package I have commented what each operation does. So do I need to create separate packages for each of them?

Reviewer 2: It is okay to have one example. I think the issue is with the way you have documented it. You can take following as a reference on how to document your examples.

https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.marketing.emails/blob/a8f4e2ddbd49f1addbbb264f12a6355107437857/ballerina/Package.md#examples

> ### Prerequisites
> 
> - **Ballerina:** Download and install Ballerina from [here](https://ballerina.io/downloads/).
> - **HubSpot developer account:** Create a HubSpot developer account and create an app to obtain the necessary credentials. Refer to the [Setup Guide](../ballerina/Package.md) for instructions.
> - **`hubspot.crm.object.feedback` module:** Import the `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.object.feedback` module into your Ballerina project and configure it with the obtained credentials. Refer to the [Config.toml.template](./feedback_review/Config.toml.template) file for creating the `Config.toml` file.
> 
> ```
> import ballerinax/hubspot.crm.obj.feedback as feedback;
> 
> configurable string & readonly clientId = ?;
> configurable string & readonly clientSecret = ?;
> configurable string & readonly refreshToken = ?;
> 
> public function main() returns error?{
>       feedback:ConnectionConfig config = {
>          auth: {
>             clientId: clientId,
>             clientSecret: clientSecret,
>             refreshToken: refreshToken,
>             credentialBearer: oauth2:POST_BODY_BEARER
>          }
>       };
> 
>       final feedback:Client baseClient = check new feedback:Client(config, serviceUrl);
> }
> ```

Reviewer 2: I think this section is redundant.
```suggestion
```

Author: removed

### Running an example

Execute the following commands to build an example from the source:

* To build an example:

   ```bash
   bal build
   ```
* To run an example:

   ```bash
   bal run
   ```

### Building the examples with the local module

**Warning**: Due to the absence of support for reading local repositories for single Ballerina files, the Bala of the module is manually written to the central repository as a workaround. Consequently, the bash script may modify your local Ballerina repositories.

Execute the following commands to build all the examples against the changes you have made to the module locally:

* To build all the examples:

   ```bash
   ./build.sh build
   ```
* To run all the examples:

   ```bash
   ./build.sh run

>    ```

Reviewer: Let's remove this part. Some people can find this complex or confusing. :)

Nice job though, on being comprehensive!

>    ```

Reviewer 2: AFAIU this section should go into the `Readme` of the example itself.

Author: removed from readme.md, package and module mds

> * For more information go to the [`hubspot.crm.object.feedback` package](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/hubspot.crm.object.feedback/latest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information go to the [`hubspot.crm.obj.feedback` package](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/hubspot.crm.object.feedback/latest).
```
